This is because of all this
It was all set up by Ye Chen and Qin Tianlong together
Just waiting for you to jump in
He knows everything.
Of course, full of confidence
Nonsense
Mr. Qin, I only found out after inquiring a lot.
I only came here because I offended you last time.
Specially came to resolve the conflict
You can get it back.
I don't know what you're talking about
Mr. Qin, I have absolutely no intention of harming you
I believe in Master Xu's strength
But he really can't solve it.
It's not up to you to solve it or not.
Let's go to the scene
Where did you come from? Where are you going?
Mr. Qin, let him go with you
Let this ignorant child stare at the dog's eyes
How did the old man handle this matter?
It's been an hour.
What's going on?
Don't worry, I don't get it yet.
Mr. Qin
The problem here can be solved by no one but me
Are you not afraid of being slapped in the face for talking big?
You, Su Yize, can't hit me in the face today